I've found my happy place.
What's on my bucket list? Everywhere.
Take memories, leave footprints.
Always say yes to new adventures.
Life is short and the world is wide. I better get started.
My new routine: Journey. Explore. Discover. Repeat.
Only going places that spark joy.
Keep calm and travel on.
Will travel for food (and a good sunset).
The best things happen outside of our comfort zones.
Constantly searching for views that take my breath away.
When I'm exploring the world is when I feel most at home.
Until you step into the unknown, you don't know what you're made of.
Life is not meant to be in one place.
I follow my heart … and it usually leads me to the airport.
Greetings from [insert location]. I live here now.
I travel so my life isn't disrupted by routine.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but you can buy plane tickets.
I decided to skip ahead to the part of my life where I travel the world.
Tans and jetlag fade, but memories last forever.
I'm a travel addict on the road to recovery. Just kidding, I'm headed to the airport.
All I need is a 3-month vacation four times a year. That's really not asking for much.
BBN. Be back never.
“I am one of those who never knows the direction of my journey until I have almost arrived.” —Anna Louise Strong
“Not all those who wander are lost.” —J.R.R. Tolkien
“We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.” —Anaïs Nin
“An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered.” —G.K. Chesterton
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.” —Margaret Lee Runbeck
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” —Lao Tzu
“To travel is worth any cost or sacrifice.” —Elizabeth Gilbert
“One's destination is never a place but rather a new way at looking at things.” —Henry Miller
“Surely, of all the wonders of the world, the horizon is the greatest.” —Freya Stark
“Though we travel the world over to find the beautiful, we must carry it with us, or we find it not.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.” —Robert Louis Stevenson
“This is what holidays, travels, vacations are about. It is not really rest or even leisure we chase. We strain to renew our capacity to wonder, to shock ourselves into astonishment once again.” —Shana Alexander
